One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and, if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week. -Charles Darwin
It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done. -Vincent Van Gogh
Do you want to be handsome? I'll tell you how. First, look well to your health. Eat regularly and simply, and take proper rest. Go to bed early. Be sure to go to bed with clean teeth. Breathe fresh air. Take regular baths. More than all else, in order to look well you must wake up the mind and soul. Think pleasant and noble thoughts. Talk with people who know something. Be often in the company of those who know more than you do. Arouse your spiritual nature; sometimes a plain face is really glorified with the love of God and of man which shines through it. Lastly, keep a strong and vigorous body by taking plenty of wholesome outdoor exercise, and do all the good you can. Why not begin to grow handsome today? ~Silas X. Floyd (1869–1923), "How to Be Handsome," Floyd's Flowers: or, Duty and Beauty for Colored Children, 1905  [Paraphrased. —tεᖇᖇ¡·g]
There's lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it. ~Josh Billings
~Nursery rhyme quoted by Wayne Fields, What the River Knows, 1990
and is able to bear any kind of sufferings, knows neither wrath nor desire and believes the woes and hard labors of Hercules better than
It has often been remarked, that persons destitute of ambition and avarice are peculiarly likely to enjoy long life. They feel no regret for the past, nor anxiety about the future. Enjoying that tranquility of soul, on which the happiness of our early years so much depends, they are strangers to those torments of the mind, which usually accompany more advanced years, and by which the body is wasted and consumed. Hence a calm, contented, and cheerful disposition, may be justly considered the great source of health, in regard both of body and mind; and ought to be accounted the most important of all our possessions. ~John Sinclair, The Code of Health and Longevity, 1807
A man will be effective to the degree that he is able to concentrate! Concentration is not basically a mode of doing but above all a mode of Being. (Lawrence LeShan)
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed. - Henrik Ibsen
Acting school was summer camp, and I needed concentration camp. I had so many different ideas swirling between culture and how to tie things together.
Actually the adrenaline of the game will probably help me out a little bit to regain command and concentration about the things that I have to do.
After I started getting criticism for doing 'Big Brother,' someone told me that Hugh Downs used to host 'Concentration' and Mike Wallace used to do 'The Big Surprise.' I thought, Huh, maybe that door isn't sealed shut if I want to do '60 Minutes' one day.
All good is gained by those whose thought and life are kept pointed close to one main thing, not scattered abroad upon a thousand. -Stephen McKenna
All that attention to the perfect lighting, the perfect this, the perfect that, I find terribly annoying.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. – Buddha
And how can you achieve such concentration? By recognizing that everything you do is important to God, and is one vital piece of the larger picture of your life.
And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that.
Any individual can be, in time, what he earnestly desires to be, if he but set his face steadfastly in the direction of that one thing and bring all his powers to bear upon its attainment. -Herman J. Randall
Any subject can be made interesting, and therefore any subject can be made boring. 
As a Jew, I was taught that it was ethically imperative to speak up and to speak out against arbitrary state violence. That was part of what I learned when I learned about the Second World War and the concentration camps.
As any actor will tell you, the hardest thing to do is small parts, because you focus all your attention and concentration on that small part. When you're playing the lead part, you don't have time to think about the whole of it, so you just have to steam on and get on with it.
As long as I can concentrate and remain somewhat calm, I can normally do very well. -Al Oerter
As soon as things get serious in front of the goal, I don't have any twitches... It's probably because at that moment, my concentration on the game is stronger than the Tourette syndrome.
As wonderful as they were, my parents didn't teach me anything about self-discipline, concentration, patience, or focus. If I hadn't had a family myself, I probably never would've done anything. Marriage taught me responsibility.
At some point you start seeing the difference between what you really want, and what is your priority order. I feel that today I know what I want. That's the problem with perspective, as well as focus and concentration.
Attention to health is life greatest hindrance. 
AUTOMATE your Links Pages with LinksManager.com!
Because of the tension and difficulty, I remember trying to do the silliest things when we weren't rolling cameras, anything to lift the spirits. But once on set, it was important to have full concentration.
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have. 
Being fit helps me improve my concentration, my will power and even my determination.
Beware of dissipating your powers; strive constantly to concentrate them.
Both my father and mother were survivors of the Warsaw Ghetto and the Nazi concentration camps. Apart from my parents, every family member on both sides was exterminated by the Nazis.
But communication is two-sided - vital and profound communication makes demands also on those who are to receive it... demands in the sense of concentration, of genuine effort to receive what is being communicated.
But I have to add - and this answers your other question - this catholicity in time and in space is only meaningful for me if there is, at the same time, a concentration on the Gospel.
By concentrating on what is good in people, by appealing to their idealism and their sense of justice, and by asking them to put their faith in the future, socialists put themselves at a severe disadvantage. 
By dedicating so much concentration to the issue of security, bilateral matters pass to a secondary level.
Classical music requires an immense amount of concentration, and I don't know if I would've been that committed to that particular life.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus. (Alexander Graham Bell)
Concentrate on a single feature – as, build all toward one eye – make all lines lead toward that eye. (Robert Henri)
Concentrate on your job and you will forget your other troubles. (William Feather)
Concentrate on your motivation... and the thought of what about the scene made you stop to look. (Richard K. Kaiser)
Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. The wise man puts all his eggs in one basket and watches the basket. 
Concentrate, play your game, and don’t be afraid to win. -Amy Alcott
Concentrate: you can't have it all. (Twyla Tharp)
Concentrated attention is the collection of units of power on a chosen point of intention. (James Arthur Ray)
Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory. -Bill Russell
Concentration camps were entirely a matter for the police and had nothing to do with the administration.
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.
Concentration is my motto — first honesty, then industry, then concentration. -Andrew Carnegie
Concentration is one of the happiest things in my life.
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary. (Ray Knight)
Concentration is the factor that causes the great discrepancy between men and the results they achieve… the difference in their power of calling together all the rays of their ability and concentrating on one point. -Orison Swett Marden
Concentration is the key to economic results. No other principles of effectiveness is violated as constantly today as the basic principle of concentration. -Peter F. Drucker
Concentration is the key to results. No other principles of effectiveness is violated as constantly today as the basic principle of concentration.
Concentration is the magic key that opens the door to accomplishment. (Michael Korda)
Concentration is the master key to all success.
Concentration is the master key to all success. It is the fundamental law of achievement. The man who does not concentrate will be either a half success, a mediocrity or a complete failure.
Concentration is the secret of strength. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Concentration of executive power, unless it's very temporary and for specific circumstances, let's say fighting world war two, it's an assault on democracy.
Concentration of the mind is in a way common to both Knowledge and Yoga. Yoga aims at union of the individual with the universal, the Reality. This Reality cannot be new. It must exist even now, and it does exist.
Concentration of wealth yields concentration of political power. And concentration of political power gives rise to legislation that increases and accelerates the cycle.
Concentration, itself, is nothing but a matter of control of the attention! ... Learn to fix your attention on a given subject, at will, for whatever length of time you choose, and you will have learned the secret passage-way to power and plenty! This is concentration!
Designing is a matter of concentration. You go deep into what you want to do. It's about intensive research, really. The concentration is warm and intimate and like the fire inside the earth - intense but not distorted. You can go to a place, really feel it in your heart. It's actually a beautiful feeling.
Discipline and concentration are a matter of being interested. -Tom Kite
Don’t dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer. – Denis Waitley
Don't give up at halftime. Concentrate on winning the second half. 
Drawing from reality my work became intuitive and interpretive... it demands an absorbing concentration and takes you away from a self-conscious, arbitrary style into work that is really your own. (Beth van Hoesen)
Each form of Alzheimer's disease should perturb different brain networks and so influence the concentration of different proteins that can be measured in the blood.
Each man is capable of doing one thing well. If he attempts several, he will fail to achieve distinction in any. -Plato
Elegance is achieved when all that is superfluous has been discarded and the human being discovers simplicity and concentration: the simpler and more sober the posture, the more beautiful it will be.
Every day you spend drifting away from your goals is a waste not only of that day, but also of the additional day it takes to regain lost ground. 
Excellence is in the details. Give attention to the details and excellence will come. – Perry Paxton
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.-- Epictetus
First, our focus on security is on the infrastructure itself. So it is all about how you protect the network, the device, and the application that is riding on the server. 
Focus in on the genre you want to write, and read books in that genre. A lot of books by a variety of authors. And read with questions in your mind. 
Focus on making yourself happy and you'll soon be miserable. Focus on bringing joy to others and your own happiness will quickly follow.
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear. – Anthony Robbins
Focus on where you want to go. 
Focus on your potential instead of your limitations. – Alan Loy McGinnis
Focused mind power is one of the strongest forces on earth.
For he who has no tranquility there is no concentration. -Bhagavad Gita
For him who has no concentration, there is no tranquility.
From a spectator point of view, Test cricket is not important; people hardly watch Test cricket. But as a player, Tests are the real thing. You have to concentrate for five days. It's a lot of time, and not easy to do it day in and day out. If people have played 70-100 Tests, it's a lot of cricket, a lot of concentration and dedication.
From my very first movie, what was my concentration, my inspiration, was I didn't want to narrate something, I didn't want to tell a story. I wanted to show something, I wanted for them to make their own story from what they were seeing.
Give whatever you are doing and whomever you are with the gift of your attention. -Jim Rohn
Goals provide the energy source that powers our lives. One of the best ways we can get the most from the energy we have is to focus it. That is what goals can do for us; concentrate our energy. – Denis Waitley
Golf is a search for perfection, for balance. It's about meditation and concentration. You have to use hand and brain.
Golf is difficult to get your personality over because you are such a bottle of concentration.
Great art is always a way of concentrating, reinventing what is called fact, what we know of our existence – a reconcentration... tearing away the veils that fact acquires through time. (Francis Bacon)
Grief is exhausting. When you learn - maybe through my age or experience - trying to harness the energy, whatever it is, muted energy or a concentration to find yourself in a place? You try to use it for when it's really necessary and can arrive.
He played like it was game day when nobody else was watching, 
He who would do some great thing in this short life, must apply himself to the work with such a concentration of his forces as to the idle spectators, who live only to amuse themselves, looks like insanity.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly. - Langston Hughes
I always train and prepare with highest concentration and focus on my next opponent. To me, it does not matter what his name is.
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match. 
I am full of fire and passion. I am not ready yet for great concentration and passion.
I am happy everywhere except in places where I see glitz and rich farts. I am happiest in Brooklyn, where the concentration of rich farts is minimal.
I am not allowed to be afraid. My mother made me like that. As a child, if I was afraid of the dark, she would lock me in the closet. Things like this. And she would talk about the time she spent in the concentration camp, but not about being afraid, only about the good side of it.
I decided to do the maximum to hold onto the lead for as long as possible. That is why I pushed so hard from the beginning. I was at 100 percent concentration.
I didn't equate a POW camp with a concentration camp.
I do have a family, and obviously I spend as much time as I can with them. Though even when I'm with my family, my mind tends to drift toward baseball or a question I have. 
I do not believe in God; his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men.
I do not play golf regularly, but I feel that hitting the moving ball in cricket is tougher than hitting a stationary ball as in golf, which requires more concentration and steady hands.
I don't see pitches down the middle anymore - not even in batting practice. 
I don't think more concentration is required for Robert De Niro to do what he does as for Jim Carrey to do what he does.
I don't think more concentration is required for Robert De Niro to do what he does as for Jim Carrey to do what he does. 
I don't want any more concentration camps for animals that are cruelly treated, force-fed to fatten themselves up for our consumption.
I don't write directly on to the computer because I don't think well facing forward with fingers on a keyboard. I think better looking down holding a pen. And the concentration quotient of pen and paper is higher than when I'm moving words around on screen.
I find that everything I do is demanding, like Jack Bristow is a complicated man and I do a lot of explaining in the show, it takes a lot of energy and concentration.
I grew up in a suburb of Baltimore with an extremely high concentration of Jewish families - where the Levys and Cohens in the high school yearbook went on for pages, where I could count far more temples than I ever could churches. Anti-Semitism, in our cultural biodome, was mostly an abstract concept.
I have a study now - I used not to. I also love working in cafes; ignoring noise is good for concentration.
I have an occasionally recurring stutter, but not when in character on stage in a play. Odd. James Earl Jones has the same pattern; he stutters in everyday life but not when acting. Preparation requires an actor's concentration to make the words belong to another person, which is its own sort of trance.
I have prepared myself to be at my peak in London. But in the Olympics, there are so many factors. You need to stay alert all the time, and a lapse of concentration, even for a second, will let you down.
I have the attention span of a 2-year-old. I like to jump from project-to-project. (Reba McEntire)
I have to use other things to help my tennis, like my brain. But I believe that, even when your muscles are not so fast, with the brain and with concentration you can compensate.
I just try to concentrate on concentrating. – Martina Navratilova
I like a person who knows his own mind and sticks to it; who sees at once what, in given circumstances, is to be done, and does it.
I like listening to good music-and I can't stop playing my album. 
I like to understand, very specifically, what it is I'm seeing, and where it is and where it's going, and a lot of that is just hitting the mark and following the dotted line. But that's good, too because there's concentration and focus that's involved in that.
I listen to music constantly while writing. 
I love challenges, I love intensity, and I also like to challenge my mind. Believe it or not, boxing is not only about physical force. You use a lot of concentration; it's really mental.
I love my family and I had a very wonderful, magical childhood. But New Jersey was actually a very cold place. There was such an intense concentration of wealth, and such a low concentration of any actual human happiness.
I majored in political science, and my concentration was U.S. involvement in Latin America in the 20th century.
I may be more passionate about my comedy because that's the one place where I feel comfortable - because I'm in the now. Performing is the only time of the day when I have to really force every ounce of concentration into whatever's happening in that moment.
I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time... (Charles Dickens)
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. – Thomas Edison
I never hit a shot, not even in practice, without having a very sharp in-focus picture of it in my head.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. – Marie Curie
I say my greatest strength is my speed, and I think that I could use some work on my concentration.
I think audiences sometimes mistakenly assume a quality performance comes from some great emotional disturbance rather than really intense concentration. Concentration and flow is what it's all about.
I think Dodd-Frank has contributed to a concentration of banking assets in the hands of a small number of banks.
I think film requires a lot more patience and concentration and each day you're keeping the entire picture in your head throughout a two to three month film shoot. Whereas TV, especially half hour, is like doing a play a week or live theater.
I think is very beneficial to relax yourself so that when you are doing it you are not staggering for lines and your concentration is not on what I am going to say - but the scene itself, the character that you are talking to.
I think it's doing very well. I'm pleased to see the concentration on semiconductors. I think this will help.
I think it's time that we have a women's show about the West. The concentration has been on the men and the Indians.
I think life is far too short to concentrate on your past. I rather look into the future. 
I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention. – Diane Sawyer
I trained like an animal, but the thing is focus and concentration. When the bell rings it's like when the little red light goes on over the camera. And I can usually nail my lines on the first or second take because I'm right there.
I used to love to untangle chains when I was a child. I had thin, busy fingers, and I never gave up. Perhaps there was a psychiatric component to my concentration but like much of my psychic damage, this worked to everyone's advantage.
I wake up fairly early every day, by 8, for sure. Sunday is a lighter writing day than the weekdays, but I still wake up and write for about an hour, beginning right around 8. I definitely have coffee first, and then I start writing. I do think it's kind of hard to get the right level of concentration without coffee.
I want the concentration and the romance, and the worlds all glued together, fused, glowing: have no time to waste any more on prose. -Virginia Woolf
I was 16 and did a play at school. I was a rather good student... And then I did a play when I was 16 and completely lost all my concentration for academics.
I was a film major with a concentration in animation.
I wasn't naturally gifted in terms of size and speed; everything I did in hockey I worked for, and that's the way I'll be as a coach. 
I went to performing arts high school, and I took dance and acting every day. Then, I went to Marymount Manhattan College and I have a B.A. in acting, with a concentration in theater performance and a minor in musical theater. I studied there for three years.
I worked for a while as a teaching assistant while I was struggling. I really enjoyed it, working with kids with special needs, autism. It takes a hell of a lot of concentration, and you've got to focus on the child properly for seven hours a day.
I worked with such concentration and focus and I had hundreds of obscure engineering or programming things in my head. I was just real exceptional in that way.
I’ve learned ruthless concentration. I can write under any circumstances…street noises, loud talk, music, you name it. -Sylvia Porter
If a player isn't interfering with play or seeking to gain an advantage, then he should be! 
If all the rich and all of the church people should send their children to the public schools they would feel bound to concentrate their money on improving these schools until they met the highest ideals. 
If every day you practice walking and sitting meditation and generate the energy of mindfulness and concentration and peace, you are a cell in the body of the new Buddha. This is not a dream but is possible today and tomorrow.
If our thoughts and hopes are elsewhere, it is impossible to set our faces steadily toward the work required of us. -Unknown
If we know the divine art of concentration, if we know the divine art of meditation, if we know the divine art of contemplation, easily and consciously we can unite the inner world and the outer world.
If you can keep playing tennis when somebody is shooting a gun down the street, that's concentration.  SERENA WILLIAMS
If you don't concentrate on what you are doing then the thing that you are doing is not what you are thinking. (Alfred, Lord Tennyson)
If you focus on what you want instead of what you don't want, you will know when it is time to take action. And when you do, it will be effortless.
If you give it good concentration, good energy, good heart and good performance, the song will play you.
If you have the insight of non-self, if you have the insight of impermanence, you should make that insight into a concentration that you keep alive throughout the day. Then what you say, what you think, and what you do will then be in the light of that wisdom and you will avoid making mistakes and creating suffering.
If you lose your concentration singing harmony, then it's lackluster and no fun to watch.
If you neglect those who are currently poor and stable, you may create more poor and unstable people. There has been a tremendous concentration of donor interest in countries that are seen as particularly fragile - but it becomes harder to mobilise money for sub-Saharan, plain poor countries.
If you run, you might lose. If you don't run, you're guaranteed to lose. 
If you take a book of a thousand pages on the Second World War, in which 50 million people died, the concentration camps occupy two pages and the gas chambers ten or 15 lines, and that's what one calls a detail.
If you watch young children play, you will notice that they create games, characters, situations, whole worlds in which they immerse themselves with intense concentration.
If your concentration is getting bad, take up bass fishing. It will really improve your ability to focus. If you aren't ready when that fish hits, you can't set the hook.
I'm a writer, not a professional runner. It's fun and it helps me write. I need powerful concentration.
I'm always relieved when someone is delivering a eulogy and I realize I'm listening to it. 
I'm an old git now, so I would say this, but television was better when there were less channels. There was more concentration and selection in terms of the output.
I'm for catching every Japanese in America, Alaska, and Hawai'i now and putting them in concentration camps.
In any sauce you make, start with a concentration of flavors with great acidity. You then re-dilute the sauce, but the proportion of liquid you add should not be so high that you wash away the extracted flavor you're aiming to create.
In football, I need full concentration even though I really enjoy it.
In scientific work, those who refuse to go beyond fact rarely get as far as fact. 
In the concentration camps, we discovered this whole universe where everyone had his place. The killer came to kill, and the victims came to die.
In the German concentration camps, Jews wore yellow stars while homosexuals wore pink lambdas.
In the governments, as we've witnessed in the past, they had to hide. Because there's a lot of concentration on the friends-and-family club... We're not about that. That's not the government of the future of the State of New York. What's gonna pull this state out of the doldrums that it's in right now is an honest and open government.
In the Second World War, they're talking about the Japanese traitors and putting them into concentration camps. But companies like DuPont had factories in Germany turning out stuff for the German Army.
Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence. (Jon Kabat-Zinn)
It is a cursed evil to any man to become as absorbed in any subject as I am in mine. 
It is certain that concentration camps had a bad reputation with us.
It is difficult for the common good to prevail against the intense concentration of those who have a special interest, especially if the decisions are made behind locked doors.
It is only when I lose contact with the painting that the result is a mess. Otherwise there is pure harmony, an easy give and take, and the painting comes out w 
It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality.
It is those who concentrates on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality. -Og Mandino
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems — not people; to focus your energies on answers — not excuses. – William Arthur Ward
It looks as though yields of over 10 times what we can currently grow per acre are feasible if you control the CO2 concentration, the humidity, the temperature, all the various factors that plants depend on to grow rapidly.
It seems essential, in relationships and all tasks, that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important. 
It takes 100 per cent of your attention and focus, backed up with years of drawing experience, to train yourself to paint what you see. (Steve Childs)
It would have been a benefit to me and the lads in some way in terms of playing in it. I hope we can play with a full deck of cards next time. 
It’s not what’s happening to you now or what has happened in your past that determines who you become. Rather, it’s your decisions about what to focus on, what things mean to you, and what you’re going to do about them that will determine your ultimate destiny. – Anthony Robbins
It's all well and good to say that Germans were all responsible for the concentration camps, but I don't think they were. I think that was the work of a small group of fiends.
It's obvious that St. Louis has certain advantages compared to other cities: namely, a concentration of financial services.
It's tough to be in a relationship with a musician, because it reads sometimes as this ego and self-involvement when it's really just concentration and focus.
Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and know-how 
Keep in mind, your moods are primarily the result of what you focus on.
Liberals are concerned about the concentration of wealth because it almost inevitably leads to a concentration of power that undermines democracy.
Look that nothing live in thy working mind, but a naked intent stretching into God. (Dionysius)
Los Angeles has the greatest concentration of surviving movie palaces in the United States, yet most residents have never been inside one of them.
Many countries persecute their own citizens and intern them in prisons or concentration camps. Oppression is becoming more and more a part of the systems.
Many of the cognitive enhancement drugs serve to increase focus and concentration. But 'letting your mind wander' is very often an important part of the creative process.
Market forces and capitalism by themselves aren't sufficient to ensure the common good and to limit the concentration of wealth at levels that are compatible with democratic ideals.
Mental attitude and concentration are the keys to pitching.
Michael Caine is a movie star, but he's also a great actor. I can't say that about every movie star. It's the concentration he has.
Mitochondrial DNA is in higher concentration, lasts longer, and can be extracted from bones.
Mom's dad was in the army, stormed the beach at Normandy, fought through the French hedgerows, the Battle of the Ardennes, the Battle of the Bulge, and liberated concentration camps at the end of the war.
Most people have a concentration in particular areas; it might be politics, it might be science, it might be business, it might be sports. I care about all of those, and that's why I've chosen the formats I chose.
Music for me, it demands full concentration.
My concentration level blocks out everything. Concentration is why some athletes are better than others. You develop that concentration in training and concentrate in a meet.
My concentration span is truly that of a gnat. Some people have this ladder, and that's all there is - the ladder. I have the ladder, too, but there's a building around it with scaffolding, and lots of windows for me to peek into. Then suddenly I'll remember, 'Oh, there's the ladder. I should be concentrating on that.'
My concentration was really on getting to university and becoming a doctor. My parents let me know that school marks were important. Achievement was something which came by hard work.
My giving birth was nothing when I think about all the people in Sri Lanka that have to give birth in a concentration camp.
My idea of a good picture is one that’s in focus and of a famous person. – Andy Warhol
My mind wanders terribly. I'm not wholly annoyed by my daydreaming as it has been immense use to me as regards imaginative thought, but it doesn't help when it comes to concentration. And writing needs concentration - lots of it.
My mother had a horrific life. At fourteen, she was in the Nazi concentration camps. Her sense about life now is, every day above ground is a good day.
My music, I hope, takes 100% of your concentration. I know how to do that.
My original interest in the Nazi holocaust was personal. Both my father and mother were survivors of the Warsaw Ghetto and the Nazi concentration camps. Apart from my parents, every family member on both sides was exterminated by the Nazis.
My school reports always used to point out that my concentration levels were appalling. I never listened in class because I was always daydreaming about racing. I never thought for a moment about doing anything else. There was no guarantee that I'd make a career in it but I never had any plan B.
New York was breaking my concentration and disintegrating my thoughts.
Ninety percent of my game is mental. It’s my concentration that has gotten me this far. -Christ Evert
No doubt concentration camps were a means, a menace used to keep order.
No fine work can be done without concentration and self-sacrifice and toil and doubt.
No matter how loud the stadium is, once you're on that field and that offense walks up to the line, it's silent. You can only hear the guys on the field. It's amazing how much concentration you can have when it's required and how powerful your mind is to give it to you.
No more than a surgeon can operate while tweeting can you reach your potential with one ear in, one ear out. You actually have to reacquaint yourself with concentration. We all do.
No one is an artist unless he carries his picture in his head before painting it, and is sure of his method and composition. 
No plan can prevent a stupid person from doing the wrong thing in the wrong place at the wrong time - but a good plan should keep a concentration from forming.
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets. -Nido Qubein
Nothing more wonderfully concentrates a man's mind than the sure knowledge he is to be hanged in the morning. (Samuel Johnson)
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. 
One arrow does not bring down two birds. -Turkish Proverb
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. - Euripides
One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power. Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular. In fact, I believe most people fail in life simply because they major in minor things.
One type of concentration is immediate and complete, as it was with Mozart. The other is plodding and only completed in stages, as with Beethoven. Thus genius works in different ways to achieve its ends. (Stephen Spender)
One way to have broader access to wealth is to reduce the tax on the large group and increase the tax on the very top so concentration of wealth doesn't get to extreme levels.
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts. – Soren Kierkegaard
Our politics has been greatly impacted, for the worse, by big money and the concentration of big money.
Our thoughts create our reality — where we put our focus is the direction we tend to go. – Peter McWilliams
Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains. 
Pay attention to what you pay attention to. (Bonnie Mincu)
Peace can be reached through meditation on the knowledge which dreams give. Peace can also be reached through concentration upon that which is dearest to the heart. -Patanjali
People don't seem to understand that the separation of powers is not about the power of these branches; it's there to protect individual liberty - it's there to protect us from the concentration of power.
People in their handlings of affairs often fail when they are about to succeed. If one remains as careful at the end as he was at the beginning, there will be no failure. 
Poetry is above all a concentration of the power of language, which is the power of our ultimate relationship to everything in the universe.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
Prisons are like the concentration camps of our time. So many go in and never come out, and primarily they're black and Latino.
Put a compass to paper and trace a circle. Then tell me which other country has such a concentration of places like Amalfi, Naples, Ischia, Procida, Sorrento, Positano, Pompeii, and Capri.
Recently a study proved that working from a larger, less cluttered computer screen increases concentration. I could have told them that. And yes, I write first drafts with a mechanical pencil and a yellow legal pad. There's good reason for this primitive behavior: I am a crackerjack typist. My hand moves far more quickly than my brain.
Recording sessions were stimulating to photograph, because everything was in motion: the subject, the musicians, the technicians and the photographer. You needed fast reflexes to keep up with moving targets, and sensitivity and skill to get the pictures while keeping out of the performers' eyeline so as not to break their concentration.
Shooting clay targets is a very cleansing experience. It's very relaxing. It takes a lot of concentration. It's also very social, since you're usually shooting with friends. You can talk and forget about almost anything else that's on your mind.
Shooting in sequence, I think it intensifies everybody's relationship, the crew, the actors. You have to be very focused, and shooting at night is a challenge because you get tired. I think it requires a special kind of concentration, but it's also exhilarating.
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one’s aim. -John D. Rockefeller
Some people have a mistaken idea that all thoughts disappear through meditation and we enter a state of blankness. There certainly are times of great tranquility when concentration is strong and we have few, if any, thoughts. But other times, we can be flooded with memories, plans or random thinking. It's important not to blame yourself.
Sometimes, when I start feeling less than humble, I look at Joyce again and he puts me right in my place. 
Stop fighting your creative spirit that is struggling to break free inside you. You will not be the person you were meant to be until you free this creative spirit and find ways to put it to use. Freeing your creative spirit will not send you into financial ruin or cause havoc with your life, if you acknowledge the creative side of you and find ways to gradually blend it into your thought process. What will happen is that you will find happiness you didn't know existed and you will become the person you were meant to be.
Story was that human civilization started to develop with first social network. Emerged where population concentration was high. Helped propel to where we are now. Facebook is next step of creating a huge human brain to embrace hundreds of million, possibly billions of people.
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure. 
Success in any endeavor requires single-minded attention to detail and total concentration. -Willie Sutton
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life – think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success, that is way great spiritual giants are produced. – Swami Vivekananda
Teens think listening to music helps them concentrate. It doesn't. It relieves them of the boredom that concentration on homework induces. (Marilyn vos Savant)
The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything. -Lee Iacocca
The activity at this very moment must be the only thing that matters, to which one is fully given. If one is concentrated, it matters little what one is doing. The important, as well as the unimportant things, assume a new dimension of reality, because they have one's full attention. (Erich Fromm)
The affinity of blood or pure haemoglobins for oxygen is a complex phenomenon, depending upon a number of conditions, the most important of which are temperature and hydrogen ion concentration.
The American people should be made aware of the trend toward monopolization of the great public information vehicles and the concentration of more and more power over public opinion in fewer and fewer hands.
The art of pictorial creation is so complicated - it is so astronomical in its possibilities of relation and combination that it would take an act of super-human concentration to explain the final realization.
The artist works with a concentration of his whole personality, and the conscious part of it resolves conflicts, organized memories, and prevents him from trying to walk in two directions at the same time. (Henry Moore)
The atmospheric CO2 concentration is rising - mainly due to the burning of fossil fuels. It's agreed that this build-up will, in itself, induce a long-term warming trend, superimposed on all the other complicated effects that make climate fluctuate.
The audience has to understand that if the film is going to have any meaning for them. If they are going to empathize with the characters, they have to visualize the process of concentration involved in making every move.
The best advice I ever came across on the subject of concentration is: Wherever you are, be there. When you work, work. When you play, play. Don't mix the two.
The bosses of our mass media, press, radio, film and television, succeed in their aim of taking our minds off disaster. Thus, the distraction they offer demands the antidote of maximum concentration on disaster.
The closer a man approaches tragedy the more intense is his concentration of emotion upon the fixed point of his commitment, which is to say the closer he approaches what in life we call fanaticism.
The concentration and reciprocal effect of industry and agriculture conjoin in a growth of productive powers, which increases more in geometrical than in arithmetical proportion.
The concentration in my book on Marie Antoinette's childhood and on her family influences. It is surprising how some books actually start with her arrival in France!
The concentration of the elite athlete is akin perhaps to the concentration of the writer.
The concentration of the ferment iron in living substance is very small, being in the region of 1 g to 10 million g of cellular substance.
The danger in media concentration comes not from the concentration, but instead from the feudalism that this concentration, tied to the change in copyright, produces.
The dangers of a concentration of all power in the general government of a confederacy so vast as ours are too obvious to be disregarded.
The degree of freedom from unwanted thoughts and the degree of concentration on a single thought are the measures to gauge spiritual progress.
The difference in men does not lie in the size of their hands, nor in the perfection of their bodies, but in this one sublime ability of concentration: to throw the weight in one blow, to live eternity in an hour.
The difference in men does not lie in the size of their hands, nor in the perfection of their bodies, but in this one sublime ability of concentration: to throw the weight in one blow, to live eternity in an hour. -Elbert Hubbard
The essence of the stage is concentration and penetration. Of the screen action, movement, sweep.
The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun. 
The field of consciousness is tiny. It accepts only one problem at a time. -Antoine De Saint-Exupery (1900-1944)
The first law of success is concentration; to bend all the energies to one point, and to go directly to that point, looking neither to the right nor the left. -William Matthews
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.
The focus and the concentration and the attention to detail that flying takes is a kind of meditation. I find it restful and engaging, and other things slip away.
The freer the form, the more concentration you require. (Tom Hudson)
The greatest definition for concentration I ever heard is, 'Wherever you are, be there!' (Jim Rohn)
The industrialization of China alone would increase by 90 percent the concentration of CO2 in our atmosphere and would at least increase the atmospheric CO2 by at least another 100 parts per million.
The jack-of-all-trades seldom is good at any. Concentrate all of your efforts on one definite chief aim. -Napoleon Hill (1883-1970)
The joy of life is born of concentration. When you are having a cup of tea, the value of that experience depends on your concentration. You have to drink the tea with 100 percent of your concentration. (Thich Nhat Hanh)
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
The lesson I learned is that sometimes the task you have at hand needs all of your concentration and focus.
The master of a single trade can support a family. The master of seven trades cannot support himself. The wind is never for the sailor who knows not to what port he is bound. -Og Mandino
The mind gets distracted in all sorts of ways. The heart is its own exclusive concern and diversion. 
The mind is everything. What you think you become. 
The moment one gives close attention to any thing, even a blade of grass it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself. 
The more intensely we feel about an idea or a goal, the more assuredly the idea, buried deep in our subconscious, will direct us along the path to its fulfilment. -Earl Nightingale (1921-1989)
The next point — that’s all you must think about. -Rod Laver
The novel is about, for me, sustained and organized looking. I do think that people have a hunger for a sustained engagement, that concentration that the book can offer.
The novels take longer to write than the picture book texts, and they do take a different sort of concentration. However, a very short, simple story that works well is just as exciting to me as any longer and more complex book.
The only way I could work properly was by using the absolute maximum of observation and concentration that I could possible muster. (Lucian Freud)
The Philadelphia region does have capital, but there's no concentration of it.
The real essence of work is concentrated energy.
The real evil of the Russian communist state is not communism. It is the secret police and the concentration camp.
The scientists who do climate research understand that much of the ever increasing concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere since 1850 must be attributed to burning those fossil fuels to produce the energy that drives industrialization.
The secret of concentration is the secret of self-discovery. You reach inside yourself to discover your personal resources, and what it takes to match them to the challenge.
The secret to success in any human endeavor is total concentration. -Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
The short story seems like the best of all possible worlds. I do feel it is closer to writing poetry than to writing a novel, with its requirements of concentration and economy.
The simple act of paying attention can take you a long way. 
The subject of painting seemed to absorb him to the exclusion of every other interest. This is one reason why his progress was so phenomenal... He did what so few are able to do, concentrate on one thing. (a friend)
The Supreme Court of the United States... has validated the Nazi method of execution in... concentration camps, starving them to death.
The thing about World War II is that everyone knows about the concentration camps in Europe - in Nazi Germany and Poland and Auschwitz and the other camps - but, no one really talks about the camps that were here in the United States.
The things we truly love stay with us always, locked in our hearts as long as life remains. - Josephine Baker
The two great aims of industrialism - replacement of people by technology and concentration of wealth into the hands of a small plutocracy - seem close to fulfillment.
The very act of creation requires such focused concentration that vast areas of knowledge may be completely overlooked. Well, so what? There is no evidence that generalized skills are in any way superior to specialized brilliance. (Tom Robbins)
The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it. 
The weakest living creature, by concentrating his powers on a single object, can accomplish good results while the strongest, by dispersing his effort over many chores, may fail to accomplish anything. Drops of water, by continually falling, hone their passage through the hardest of rocks but the hasty torrent rushes over it with hideous uproar and leaves no trace behind.
The world’s largest resource of art quotes, art sayings, creativity quotes,
Then as the years went on and my listening became more deliberate, I would climb up on an arm of our big sofa to get my ear closer to the wireless speaker. 
Then I realized that to be really good at this requires a lot of energy and concentration and skill.
There are terrible jerks, and there are an unusually large concentration of them in the workplace. And that means that you do have to make some changes in your behavior, but there is absolutely no need for you to give them power over your happiness.
There can only be one state of mind as you approach any profound test; total concentration, a spirit of togetherness, and strength.”
There were ten concentration camps in France from 1939 on.
There's so much attached to playing shortstop that you lose your concentration on hitting, unless you're a natural hitter. There's so much to think about in the field, you don't have time to think about what you did at the plate last time. 'How did he get me out?'
This fundraising is consuming us. It's impossible to overstate, I think, what it's doing to members and their ability to just focus on the job that they were elected to do. The collective concentration of the institution is being undermined every day by the need to fund-raise.
This galloping concentration in broadcast ownership is unhealthy.
Those of us who participate realize the incredible honor bestowed on us, but to really understand the true scope and depth of the movement requires more investigation and concentration.
Those who attain to any excellence commonly spend life in some single pursuit, for excellence is not often gained upon easier terms. -Samuel Johnson (1709-1784)
Thought is energy. Active thought is active energy; concentrated thought is a concentrated energy. Thought concentrated on a definite purpose becomes power.
Thousand got away to other countries; thousands returned to Spain tempted by false promises of kindness. By the tens of thousands, these Spaniards died of neglect in the concentration camps.
To be able to concentrate for a considerable time is essential to difficult achievement. -Bertrand Russell
To be an artist means to never avert one's eyes. (Marcus Claudius Marcellus)
To be concentrated means to live fully in the present. (Erich Fromm)
To be honest with you, I worry about concentration of ownership in media, where you have a handful of media conglomerates largely controlling what we see, hear and read.
To concentrate implies bringing all your energy to focus on a certain point; but thought wanders away... Whereas attention has no control, no concentration. It is complete attention, which means giving all your energy, the energy of the brain, your heart, everything, to attending... (Jiddu Krishnamurti)
To do justice to a lifelong dream of being a writer, I must give it the intense concentration and focus I gave to track. To do both with excellence is not possible. It is with a sense of sadness and joyous anticipation that I leave track and move on.
To do two things at once is to do neither. -Publilius Syrus (85BC-43BC)
To inspire a singularity of focus, a challenge must be important to you and it must be something you feel you should do now in this moment. If it's trivial or not time-bound, you won't engage. So in selecting your next challenge in life, choose one that is meaningful and will demand your complete concentration.
To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work. 
Venus told me the other day that champions don't get nervous in tight situations. That really helped me a lot. I decided I shouldn't get nervous and just do the best I can. 
We apply our effort to be mindful, to be aware in this very moment, right here and now, and we bring a very wholehearted effort to it. This brings concentration. It is this power of concentration that we use to cut through the world of surface appearances to get to a much deeper reality.
We can always choose to perceive things differently. You can focus on what’s wrong in your life, or you can focus on what’s right. – Marianne Williamson
We frequently define an acid or a base as a substance whose aqueous solution gives, respectively, a higher concentration of hydrogen ion or of hydroxide ion than that furnished by pure water. This is a very one sided definition.
We have two ears and one tongue so that we would listen more and talk less. 
We increasingly live in societies based on the vocabulary of 'choice' and a denial of reality - a denial of massive inequality, social disparities, the irresponsible concentration of power in relatively few hands, and a growing machinery of social and civil death.
We often praise 'the ability to multi-task.' While you can learn when you divide your attention, divided attention doesn't lead to aiding change in your brain maps [lasting changes]. (Norman Doidge)
We will not take Arsenal lightly for one minute, as they showed in the two matches against us last season that they can be dangerous opponents if we lose our concentration for a moment.
Well, many of us believe that excessive media concentration is a subject that ought to be addressed, and it is, of course, the intention of the majority party not to allow that to be discussed.
Well, my parents originally wanted me to become a doctor - that's why I was in school; I was pre-med, and I graduated with a degree in psychology and a concentration in neuroscience. Really, the plan was for me to go to med school.
What do I mean by concentration? I mean focusing totally on the business at hand and commanding your body to do exactly what you want it to do.
What does it take to be a champion? Desire, dedication, determination, concentration and the will to win.
What I'm after is that state of concentration in which everything flows to and from the work. Then, when I walk into my study, I bring this kind of energy with me, readying me to focus inward. (Andrea Hollander Budy)
What is the difference between attention and inattention? What is attention and what is concentration? ...Attention has no centre. (Jiddu Krishnamurti)
What the human mind can conceive and believe, it can accomplish. – David Sarnoff
Whatever luck I had, I made. I was never a natural athlete, but I paid my dues in sweat and concentration and took the time necessary to learn karate and become world champion.
Whatever you do, do it with all your might. Work at it, early and late, in season and out of season, not leaving a stone unturned, and never deferring for a single hour that which can be done just as well now. 
What's dangerous is the concentration of wealth in the hands of a few individuals.
Whatsoever you are doing, be absorbed in it so utterly that the mind thinks nothing, is just there, is just a presence. And more and more totality will be coming. (Osho)
When every physical and mental resources is focused, one’s power to solve a problem multiplies tremendously. -Norman Vincent Peale
When I am rehearsing for a play, I try to read nothing that might distract my concentration from the work in progress.
When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong. 
When I don't get enough sleep, I am cranky, vulnerable to headaches, and my concentration is poor.
When I play, I become entirely absorbed in the game. It may be a form of concentration.
When there are no gas chambers, no barbed wire, and no concentration camps, many don't recognize the perpetration of new genocides and other targeted mass atrocity crimes because they may not look the same.
When you feel concentrated within the intensity of making paintings, you know exactly what you are doing. (Luc Tuymans)
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance. – Joel Osteen
When you play, play hard; when you work, don't play at all. 
When you write a two thousand page history of the Second World War, the deportations and the concentration camps will take up five pages, and the gas chambers perhaps 20 lines.
When you write down your ideas you automatically focus your full attention on them. Few if any of us can write one thought and think another at the same time. Thus a pencil and paper make excellent concentration tools. -Michael Leboeuf
When you're writing there's a deep, deep level of concentration way below your normal self. This strange voice, these strange sentences come out of you.
Who knows how many artists fail because the light that shines through them is defracted in a thousand directions and not concentrated in a single beam? (Eric Maisel)
Why do I write? From selfishness. Because this state of liquefied, complex concentration, however faintly and dimly I'm able to perceive it, is the greatest pleasure I know.
With theater, depending on the audience, the show is different every night and really requires your constant concentration. With film, it's more possible to focus for shorter, more intense bits of time. With voice overs... you're not thinking about the camera. So your voice becomes this thing that you can manipulate. And depending on the character you're doing, it's all concentration on your voice. Without touching my subject I want to come to the moment when, through pure concentration of seeing, the composed picture becomes more made than taken. Without a descriptive caption to justify its existence, it will speak for itself - less descriptive, more creative; less informative, more suggestive - less prose, more poetry.
Women in America cannot achieve our full economic and personal fulfillment as long as the concentration of wealth and power in the top 1% continues to stifle democratic voices and progressive policies.
Writing is work. It takes a lot of contemplation, concentration, and out-and-out sweat. People tend to romanticize it, that somehow your work appears by benefit of some mystical external force. In reality, to be a writer, you have to sit down and write. It's work, and often it's hard work.
Writing requires the concentration of the writer, demands that nothing else be done except that.
You can do only one thing at a time. I simply tackle one problem and concentrate all efforts on what I am doing at the moment. (Maxwell Maltz)
You can hear the footsteps of God when silence reigns in the mind. 
You can’t depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. – Mark Twain
You can't keep your mind on fighting when you're thinking about a woman. You can't keep your concentration. You feel like sleeping all the time.
You can't lose your concentration at all. And there are times when you're on the stage, and you've got silence, which is wonderful, but you have to have the confidence to make you realize it's fine. You can't suddenly wobble and think, 'They're not interested.'
You do know what's coming up when you're translating. I suppose the concentration, then, is on finding a formulation which is speakable and in character - and economical as well, actually.
You have to pay attention to the moment and make it the best it can be for you. I've been trying to do that. It's really made a major difference for me. 
You must first realize the thing completely in your mind. Then grasp the brush, fix your attention so that you see clearly what you wish to paint; start quickly, move the brush, follow straight what you see before you, as the buzzard swoops down when the hare jumps out. If you hesitate one moment, it is gone. (Morris Graves)
You need at least six or seven years to understand the philosophy and concentration of karate to know to clean your spirit of everything and dedicate your mind and body to the sport.
Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine.
A witty saying proves nothing.
All men are born with a nose and five fingers, but no one is born with a knowledge of God.
All styles are good except the tiresome kind.
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women.
Anyone who seeks to destroy the passions instead of controlling them is trying to play the angel.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
By appreciation, we make excellence in others our own property.
Chance is a word void of sense; nothing can exist without a cause.
Clever tyrants are never punished.
Common sense is not so common.
Divorce is probably of nearly the same date as marriage. I believe, however, that marriage is some weeks the more ancient.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
Every one goes astray, but the least imprudent are they who repent the soonest.
Everything's fine today, that is our illusion.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Fear follows crime and is its punishment.
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
Froth at the top, dregs at bottom, but the middle excellent.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him. - Jim Elliot
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.
Governments need to have both shepherds and butchers.
He is a hard man who is only just, and a sad one who is only wise.
He must be very ignorant for he answers every question he is asked.
He shines in the second rank, who is eclipsed in the first.
He was a great patriot, a humanitarian, a loyal friend; provided, of course, he really is dead.
He who has not the spirit of this age, has all the misery of it.
He who is not just is severe, he who is not wise is sad.
History is only the register of crimes and misfortunes.
History should be written as philosophy.
Hope is a waking dream. - Aristotle
I am very fond of truth, but not at all of martyrdom.
I die adoring God, loving my friends, not hating my enemies, and detesting superstition.
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it.
I have lived eighty years of life and know nothing for it, but to be resigned and tell myself that flies are born to be eaten by spiders and man to be devoured by sorrow.
I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: 'O Lord make my enemies ridiculous.' And God granted it.
I know many books which have bored their readers, but I know of none which has done real evil.
I should like to lie at your feet and die in your arms.
Ice-cream is exquisite - what a pity it isn't illegal.
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
In every author let us distinguish the man from his works.
In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another.
In the case of news, we should always wait for the sacrament of confirmation.
Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
Injustice in the end produces independence.
Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?
It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong.
It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere.
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.
It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind.
It is not enough to conquer; one must learn to seduce.
It is not known precisely where angels dwell whether in the air, the void, or the planets. It has not been God's pleasure that we should be informed of their abode.
It is not love that should be depicted as blind, but self-love.
It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work. We must feel and be affected by it.
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
It is said that the present is pregnant with the future.
It is the flash which appears, the thunderbolt will follow.
It is vain for the coward to flee; death follows close behind; it is only by defying it that the brave escape.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. - e. e. cummings
It's never what you say, but how you make it sound sincere. - Marya Mannes
Let the punishments of criminals be useful. A hanged man is good for nothing; a man condemned to public works still serves the country, and is a living lesson.
Let us read and let us dance - two amusements that will never do any harm to the world.
Let us work without theorizing, tis the only way to make life endurable.
Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
Love has features which pierce all hearts, he wears a bandage which conceals the faults of those beloved. He has wings, he comes quickly and flies away the same.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in Eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
Men hate the individual whom they call avaricious only because nothing can be gained from him.
Men use thought only as authority for their injustice, and employ speech only to conceal their thoughts.
Nature has always had more force than education.
No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking.
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
Of all religions, the Christian should of course inspire the most tolerance, but until now Christians have been the most intolerant of all men.
One great use of words is to hide our thoughts.
One merit of poetry few persons will deny: it says more and in fewer words than prose.
Opinion has caused more trouble on this little earth than plagues or earthquakes.
Optimism is the madness of insisting that all is well when we are miserable.
Originality is nothing but judicious imitation. The most original writers borrowed one from another.
Our country is that spot to which our heart is bound.
Paradise was made for tender hearts; hell, for loveless hearts.
Perfection is attained by slow degrees; it requires the hand of time.
Religion was instituted to make us happy in this life and in the other. What must we do to be happy in the life to come? Be just.
Satire lies about literary men while they live and eulogy lies about them when they die.
Society therefore is an ancient as the world.
Such is the feebleness of humanity, such is its perversity, that doubtless it is better for it to be subject to all possible superstitions, as long as they are not murderous, than to live without religion.
Superstition is to religion what astrology is to astronomy the mad daughter of a wise mother. These daughters have too long dominated the earth.
Tears are the silent language of grief.
The ancient Romans built their greatest masterpieces of architecture, their amphitheaters, for wild beasts to fight in.
The ancients recommended us to sacrifice to the Graces, but Milton sacrificed to the Devil.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination.
The best is the enemy of the good.
The ear is the avenue to the heart.
The first step, my son, which one makes in the world, is the one on which depends the rest of our days.
The flowery style is not unsuitable to public speeches or addresses, which amount only to compliment. The lighter beauties are in their place when there is nothing more solid to say; but the flowery style ought to be banished from a pleading, a sermon, or a didactic work.
The Holy Roman Empire is neither Holy, nor Roman, nor an Empire.
The husband who decides to surprise his wife is often very much surprised himself.
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great.
The instruction we find in books is like fire. We fetch it from our neighbours, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all.
The little may contrast with the great, in painting, but cannot be said to be contrary to it. Oppositions of colors contrast; but there are also colors contrary to each other, that is, which produce an ill effect because they shock the eye when brought very near it.
The mouth obeys poorly when the heart murmurs.
The multitude of books is making us ignorant.
The opportunity for doing mischief is found a hundred times a day, and of doing good once in a year.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself. - Anais Nin
The progress of rivers to the ocean is not so rapid as that of man to error.
The public is a ferocious beast; one must either chain it or flee from it.
The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.
The secret of being a bore... is to tell everything.
The sovereign is called a tyrant who knows no laws but his caprice.
The superfluous, a very necessary thing.
The true triumph of reason is that it enables us to get along with those who do not possess it.
The truths of religion are never so well understood as by those who have lost the power of reason.
The world embarrasses me, and I cannot dream that this watch exists and has no watchmaker.
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too.
This self-love is the instrument of our preservation; it resembles the provision for the perpetuity of mankind: it is necessary, it is dear to us, it gives us pleasure, and we must conceal it.
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.
To believe in God is impossible not to believe in Him is absurd.
To hold a pen is to be at war.
To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid, you must also be well-mannered.
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.
To the wicked, everything serves as pretext.
Tyrants have always some slight shade of virtue; they support the laws before destroying them.
Use, do not abuse... neither abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
Very learned women are to be found, in the same manner as female warriors; but they are seldom or ever inventors.
Very often, say what you will, a knave is only a fool.
We are all full of weakness and errors; let us mutually pardon each other our follies - it is the first law of nature.
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
We cannot always oblige; but we can always speak obligingly.
We cannot wish for that we know not.
We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue, at our peril, risk and hazard.
We must cultivate our own garden. When man was put in the garden of Eden he was put there so that he should work, which proves that man was not born to rest.
We must distinguish between speaking to deceive and being silent to be reserved.
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
Weakness on both sides is, as we know, the motto of all quarrels.
What a heavy burden is a name that has become too famous.
What is tolerance? It is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature.
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy.
What then do you call your soul? What idea have you of it? You cannot of yourselves, without revelation, admit the existence within you of anything but a power unknown to you of feeling and thinking.
When he to whom one speaks does not understand, and he who speaks himself does not understand, that is metaphysics.
When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.
When men do not have healthy notions of the Divinity, false ideas supplant them, just as in bad times one uses counterfeit money when there is no good money.
Where there are friends there is wealth. - Plautus
Wherever there is a settled society, religion is necessary; the laws cover manifest crimes, and religion covers secret crimes.
Who serves his country well has no need of ancestors.
Woe to the makers of literal translations, who by rendering every word weaken the meaning! It is indeed by so doing that we can say the letter kills and the spirit gives life.
Improvement begins with I.
80% of the results come from 20% of the causes. A few things are important; most are not.
A collection of good books, with a soul to it in the shape of a librarian, becomes a vitalized power among the impulses by which the world goes on to improvement.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
A great life is nothing more than a series of well lived days strung together like a necklace of pearls.
A guided missile corrects its trajectory as it flies, homing in, say, on the heat of a jet plane's exhaust. A great improvement on a simple ballistic shell, it still cannot discriminate particular targets. It could not zero in on a designated New York skyscraper if launched from as far away as Boston.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
A little bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives you roses.
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. - Jean de La Fontaine
A reputation for one thousand years may depend upon the conduct of a single moment.
A state that suppresses all freedom of speech, and which by imposing the most terrible punishments, treats each and every attempt at criticism, however morally justified, and every suggestion for improvement as plotting to high treason, is a state that breaks an unwritten law.
A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist. - Eleanor Roosevelt
A wise and frugal government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. - Les Brown
Action is the foundational key to all success. – Pablo Picasso
After I've sent my revised draft to my agent and editor, they suggest more improvement sand again, this revision phase can take anywhere from a few hours to a few months.
Again, Be careful to make a good improvement of precious time.
All great changes are preceded by chaos. - Deepak Chopra
All it takes is one match to light a forest fire.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. - Orison Swett Marden.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become. - Buddha
All the advice you ever gave your partner, is for you to hear. - Byron Katie
All the so-called secrets of success" will not work unless you do." - Author Unknown
All this improvement is great, but all that does is get us in the game to play for improvements that we need in the future, so that we can be aggressive in the marketplace.
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
Although personally I am quite content with existing explosives, I feel we must not stand in the path of improvement.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing. – Abraham Lincoln
Americans cannot realize how many chances for mental improvement they lose by their inveterate habit of keeping six conversations when there are twelve in the room.
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. - Winston Churchill
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a narrow field. - Niels Bohr
An open society calls itself open to improvement. It is based on the recognition that people have divergent views and interests, and that nobody is in possession of the ultimate truth.
Anarchists are socialists because they want the improvement of society, and they are communists because they are convinced that such a transformation of society can only result from the establishment of a commonwealth of property.
Ancient Rome was as confident of the immutability of its world and the continual expansion and improvement of the human lot as we are today.
And I think that we in America need to understand that many schools need improvement, and particularly with respect to how they're serving minority children.
And I think that's righteous, I think that's what parents want to know. They want to know what's going right in the school, and what needs improvement, and that's what this law does.
And Republican women have always been the backbone of our party. We do the work, we are strong believers in conservative values. Having more of those voices in place at a state level is going to be a great improvement for us as a party.
And the biggest improvement I see between 'Up in the Air' and 'Juno' and 'Thank You for Smoking' is that 'Up in the Air' deals with the complicated human stuff in a way that my other films have not. It's a more articulated film, and because of that, I'm most proud of it.
And, of course, method is very important as is a high-quality specialist (trainer) working with you to keep you going in the right direction for your improvement and to help create results.
As long as my sixth graders showed an average improvement of five years, the principal and district pretty much left me alone to create my own curriculum and teach whatever I wanted.
At the present moment the people of England are only three-quarters fed, and the result of this improvement in the export of our manufactures would be, that they would be entirely fed.
Autism is a complicated illness, and children with a variety of treatments and non-treatments show improvement over time, which is all to the good.
Average ones compete with others. Great ones compete with themselves.
Be bold, and mighty forces will come to your aid. - Basil King
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind - Dr. Seuss
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. - William James
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late. - William Shakespeare
Better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt. - Mark Twain
Boeing just took $20 billion and 10 years to improve the efficiency of their planes by 10 percent. That's pretty lame. I have a design in mind for a vertical liftoff supersonic jet that would be a really big improvement.
By adopting the other trade, we place ourselves by the side of those whose measures tend not only to the improvement of their own subjects, but to the emancipation of the slave everywhere.
Carpenters bend wood. Fletchers bend arrows. Wise men fashion themselves.
Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change.
Changes in the traditional way of building are only permitted if they are an improvement. Otherwise stay with what is traditional, for truth, even if it be hundreds of years old has a stronger inner bond with us than the lie that walks by our side.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experiences of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired and success achieved.
Cherish your vision and your dreams as they are the children of your soul – the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford
Common sense is not so common. - Voltaire
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust and hostility to evaporate.
Courage to start and willingness to keep everlasting at it are the requisites for success. – Alonzo Newton Benn
Critizising, comparing, competing, contending, complaining
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. - John Chambers
Democracy - or any improvement on it - will rest on the layman's right to criticize. His criticism will be often - very often - damn silly, but if, like Plato and the Fascists, we take away his right to criticize, we take away his right to appreciate.
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates
Do the thing you fear to do and just keep on doing it. That is the quickest and surest way ever discovered to conquer fear.
Don’t be interesting – be interested. If you want to have an interesting dinner conversation, be interested. If you want to have interesting things to write, be interested.  If you want to meet interesting people, be interested in the people you meet.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Don't put a limit on anything. The more you dream the farther you get. - Michael Phelps
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
Doubt, the essential preliminary of all improvement and discovery, must accompany the stages of man's onward progress. The faculty of doubting and questioning, without which those of comparison and judgment would be useless, is itself a divine prerogative of the reason.
Electric cars are not going to take the market by storm, but it's going to be a gradual improvement.
Energy and persistence conquer all things. - Benjamin Franklin
Engineers are now experimenting with 4,096-line TV systems, suggesting that with the next generation of sets you'll be able to count the grass blades on the Superbowl field, an obvious lifestyle improvement.
Ethical religion can be real only to those who are engaged in ceaseless efforts at moral improvement. By moving upward we acquire faith in an upward movement, without limit.
Even perfection has room for improvement.
Every artist was first an amateur.
Every day you may make progress. Every step may be fruitful. Yet there will stretch out before you an ever-lengthening, ever-ascending, ever-improving path. You know you will never get to the end of the journey.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
Every managerial act must be seen as an unequivocal support for urgency in pursuit of constant testing, change, and improvement.
Every true, eternal problem is an equally true, eternal fault; every answer an atonement, every realisation an improvement.
Everything in my life has been about sound and making music, so Beats represents just that - the improvement of sound and the dedication to everything I've been doing from the day I started.
Everything is perfect and there is always room for improvement.
Excellence is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.
Excellent firms don't believe in excellence - only in constant improvement and constant change.
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties.
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.
Finance is critical. If sufficient investment is made in infrastructure and venture capital is made available, there will be a big improvement in the situation.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
For each individual, sport is a possible source for inner improvement.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
For many people, myself included, the end of the world is happening all the time! It is a form of criticality that paradoxically gives us hope for change and improvement.
For many years, I have lived uncomfortably with the belief that most planning and architectural design suffers for lack of real and basic purpose. The ultimate purpose, it seems to me, must be the improvement of mankind.
For me, there is a lot of room for improvement and there are a lot of things I would like to be better at.
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself-and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That’s what real love amounts to – letting a person be what he really is.
From reading over the notes for each session it was apparent that there had been improvement by more or less regular steps from almost complete terror at sight of the rabbit to a completely positive response with no signs of disturbance.
Getting something done is an accomplishment; getting something done right is an achievement.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
Gratitude is when memory is stored in the heart and not in the mind. - Lionel Hampton
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
Happiness is inward and not outward; and so it does not depend on what we have, but on what we are. - Henry Van Dyke
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
He who asks of life nothing but the improvement of his own nature... is less liable than anyone else to miss and waste life.
He who busies himself with things other than improvement of his own self becomes perplexed in darkness and entangled in ruin. His evil spirits immerse him deep in vices and make his bad actions seem handsome.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who would travel happily must travel light. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Headlines, in a way, are what mislead you because bad news is a headline, and gradual improvement is not.
Honestly speaking, I don't like my films. When I watch them, I see a lot of scope for improvement, so if I were to see any of my films, like 'Dhoom,' I might say... 'It would have been better if...' or 'had it been...' and this is all about evolving.
Hope is the dream of the waking man.
How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!
However novel it may appear, I shall venture the assertion, that, until women assume the place in society which good sense and good feeling alike assign to them, human improvement must advance but feebly.
Human improvement is from within outward.
Humanity may endure the loss of everything; all its possessions may be turned away without infringing its true dignity - all but the possibility of improvement.
I admired what my students were writing, but I think their improvement doesn't directly result from me but from being in a class, being with each other.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. - Walt Disney
I am a huge supporter for cash for caulkers - which allows people to make improvement for energy efficient in their homes. We should do the same for Americans purchasing appliances and computers and for that matter, new air-conditioner and heating units.
I am a particular fan of integrative exercise - that is, exercise that occurs in the course of doing some productive activity such as gardening, bicycling to work, doing home improvement projects and so on.
I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.
I am neither an optimist nor pessimist, but a possibilist. - Max Lerner
I am opposed to the laying down of rules or conditions to be observed in the construction of bridges lest the progress of improvement tomorrow might be embarrassed or shackled by recording or registering as law the prejudices or errors of today.
I believe that I improve with every book I write - most writers will probably tell you the same thing. I'm still learning my craft and will be until the day I drop dead at my computer. In my opinion, art isn't something that can be perfected. There's always room for improvement.
I believe the unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
I can't go back to yesterday - because I was a different person then. - Lewis Carroll
I consider myself a D.I.Y. home improvement guy. In a prior life, I completely gutted a house - redid the plumbing, wiring, moved sewage pipes, knocked down walls, everything.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is victory over self.
I didn't get a ton of interest from colleges in baseball and football, but I was outstanding in track and had the sense that this would be my meal ticket... Track was a sport where I saw immediate improvement, and I had a lot of good support behind me... and the coaches had a lot of experience and pushed me in that direction for sure.
I don’t believe in pessimism. If something doesn’t come up the way you want, forge ahead. If you think it’s going to rain, it will.
I dream of painting and then I paint my dream. - Vincent Van Gogh
I enjoy acting. It's not that I begin to think I'm getting better. I now fully know that I've made no improvement whatsoever since I was 20. I can live with it.
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
I feel like life is so special and so great, every year I feel like I learn more, and I grow, and I think it's exciting to grow up.
I feel not unlike a small boy, waking from a bad dream to find reality not much of an improvement.
I grew up with 'Roseanne'; I kind of adore her and stuff like' Home Improvement', really traditional American stuff.
I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I've done that sort of thing in my life, but I've always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes. I don't know why. Because they're harder. They're much more stressful emotionally. And you usually go through a period where everybody tells you that you've completely failed.
I have a tremendous desire to learn, and to grow, and to develop whatever I have that will make for any kind of improvement in me.
I have just three things to teach simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. - Lao-tzu
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein.
I have noticed a marked improvement in FEMA and with the coordination of FEMA and the State agencies.
I have something to prove, as long as I know there's something that needs improvement, and you know that everytime I move, I make a woman's movement.
I have spread my dreams beneath your feet. Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
I have to be careful not to be too proud in life, because there is always room for improvement.
I kind of feel like people like to dump on 'Home Improvement,' and I don't know why.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor.
I live in such a sweet world in the world of 'Home Improvement' that I tend to be drawn to stuff that's really on the other end of the spectrum entirely.
I love theater work because of the immediate effect your performance has on the audience. And I love the repetition; I love getting on the same stage for more than a month and reciting the same lines, trying to make a small or large step towards an improvement in my acting.
I never wanted to be the next Bruce Lee. I just wanted to be the first Jackie Chan. - Jackie Chan
I outline in some detail, but even after the outline is done I often get a new idea that is an improvement, so the outline is a living, breathing thing as well. I also re-outline when I'm two-thirds done, to be sure that there is an emotional payoff from all the plot lines and to be sure the story is as tight as it can be.
I probably have traveled and walked into more variety stores than anybody in America. I am just trying to get ideas, any kind of ideas that will help our company. Most of us don't invent ideas. We take the best ideas from someone else.
I see little alteration at Lyons since I formerly passed through it. Its manufactories are, nevertheless, flourishing, though less improvement than could be expected is visible in the external aspect of the place.
I slept and dreamt that life was Joy, and then I awoke and realized that life was Duty, and then I went to work – and lo and behold I discovered that Duty can be Joy.
I sold door to door for a couple years. As the years recede from the event, I remember less about it, which is probably good for my mind. It was home improvement in Cerritos California, Buena Park, that area.
I think I have a lot of room for improvement. My serve is okay, but I need to work on a lot of things: return, transition game, backhand.
I think that ideally that is how a company works. It becomes a place of ideas, not a place of position.
I think that the discoveries of antibiotics and vaccines have contributed to the improvement of the quality of life, making it possible to prevent contagious diseases.
I think the real reason for my improvement is because I had such a long period in the off-season just working as hard as I could on all my new dives; making sure I did lots of repetition to get them consistent.
I was glad to hear of that determination as I detest the practice of cousins marrying or any marriage between persons in which there can be traced the most distant relationship. I go for the improvement instead of the deterioration of our race.
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
Ideas improve. The meaning of words participates in the improvement. Plagiarism is necessary. Progress implies it. It embraces an author's phrase, makes use of his expressions, erases a false idea, and replaces it with the right idea.
If a man hasn’t discovered something that he would die for, he isn’t fit to live.
If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There’s no use being a damn fool about it.
If establishment journalists were to replicate actual stenography, it would be an improvement on most of the work they produce.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning. - Gandhi
If we do not plant knowledge when young, it will give us no shade when we are old. - Lord Chesterfield
If you don’t know where you are going, you’ll end up someplace else.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain. - Maya Angelou
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put foundations under them.
If you start using a medication in a person with autism, you should see an obvious improvement in behavior in a short period of time. If you do not see an obvious improvement, they probably should not be taking the stuff. It is that simple.
If you stop learning, you stop creating history and become history.
If you want a place in the sun, you have to put up with a few blisters. - Abigail Van Buren
If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading or do things worth writing.
If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others. - Tryon Edwards
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
If you're not getting better, you're getting worse.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. - African Proverb
Ill can he rule the great that cannot reach the small.
I'm a perfectionist, so I always feel there's room for improvement.
I'm competitive with myself. I always try to push past my own borders.
In 2002 the Yamaha was at more or less the same level as the Honda, better in some ways, worse in others. But in the winter of last year between 2002 and 2003, Honda made a big step forward and it seemed as if Yamaha couldn't quite match that improvement.
In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia.
In celebration of this Earth Day, I encourage all Members of the House to support legislation aimed at investing in the improvement of water quality in our Nation's lakes, rivers, streams and estuaries.
In general, mankind, since the improvement of cookery, eats twice as much as nature requires.
In general, the apparel industry isn't about continual process improvement or making the perfect piece of denim; it's about chasing trends.
In Japan, a company worker's position is secure. He is retrained for another job if his present job is eliminated by productivity improvement.
In order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. - Adora Svitak
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. – Bill Cosby
In sport, there is always room for improvement. Whenever I see my innings against the West Indies or Australia, I think, 'Maybe, I could have done this better or should have changed that.' See, cricket is a skill game, and one can always improve upon the impact one has on an innings.
Independent thinking alone is not suited to interdependent reality. Independent people who do not have the maturity to think and act interdependently may be good individual producers, but they won't be good leaders or team players. They're not coming from the paradigm of interdependence necessary to succeed in marriage, family, or organizational reality.
It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. - Brian Tracy
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. - Oprah Winfrey
It is a grand thing to rise in the world. The ambition to do so is the very salt of the earth. It is the parent of all enterprise, and the cause of all improvement.
It is a very great mistake, and a very common one, even for well-read persons, to adopt the idea that the progress of the human race in the science of government, in the arts of civilization and refinement, and in the establishment of morality and religion, has been constantly and steadily towards improvement and perfection.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere. - Agnes Repplier
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. - Charles Darwin
It is the mark of great people to treat trifles as trifles and important matters as important. - Doris Lessing
It is wrong to divide the nation white against black, native born against immigrant or one religion against another. It is also wrong to divide people by income. East Germany was not an improvement over South Africa. Obama divides Americans against each other. This is wrong.
It isn't what you do, but how you do it. - John Wooden
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, Always do what you are afraid to do.’
It’s never too late to be what you might have been.
It's important to air your concerns and fears with someone you trust. When you're honest about how you can change and grow, and where your weaknesses are, then you open the door for improvement and change.
It's relatively simple. If we're not getting more, better faster than they are getting more, better faster, than we're getting less better or more worse.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
I've had so many horrible things happen in my life since I did 'Home Improvement' that it's worried me about doing comedy because - how do I say this - I'm a much darker person than I was.
Kaizen means ongoing improvement involving everybody, without spending much money.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Leaders aren't born, they are made. They are made by hard effort, which is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal which is worthwhile.
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn
Learning from mistakes and constantly improving products is a key in all successful companies.
Let he him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself.
Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible sun within us.
Life is a series of experiences, each of which makes us bigger, even though it is hard to realize this. For the world was built to develop character, and we must learn that the setbacks and griefs which we endure help us in our marching onward.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot. - Charlie Chaplin
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot. - Charlie Chaplin
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
Life is short, art long, opportunity fleeting, experience treacherous, judgment difficult.
Life is too short to be little. - Benjamin Disraeli
Listening to customers must become everyone's business. With most competitors moving ever faster, the race will go to those who listen (and respond) most intently.
Look deep into nature, and you will understand everything better. - Albert Einstein
Losing is a learning experience. It teaches you humility. It teaches you to work harder. It's also a powerful motivator. - Yogi Berra
Make the most of the best and the least of the worst. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time. - Goethe
Mathematicians are like managers - they want improvement without change.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open. - James Dewar
Most of these alternative arrangements, so-called, arise out of the ruins of marriages, not as an improvement of old fashioned marriage.
Most people try to know more to become more clever every day, where as I attempt to become more simple and uncomplicated everyday.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there. - Charles Kettering
My mantra: Brainless exercise is a lost opportunity for improvement.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. - Lao Tzu
Necessity is the mother of taking chances. - Mark Twain
Never be afraid to fail. Failure is only a stepping stone to improvement. Never be overconfident because that will block your improvement.
Never stop investing. Never stop improving. Never stop doing something new. Make it your goal to be better each and every day, in some small way. Remember the Japanese concept of Kaizen. Small daily improvements eventually result in huge advantages.
New situations requiring closer contact with the rabbit had been gradually introduced and the degree to which these situations were avoided, tolerated, or welcomed, at each experimental session, gave the measure of improvement.
No company can afford not to move forward. It may be at the top of the heap today but at the bottom of the heap tomorrow, if it doesn't.
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities.
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other’s consent.
No matter how old a mother is she watches her middle-aged children for signs of improvement.
No one can cheat you out of ultimate success but yourself. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
No one can defeat us unless we first defeat ourselves.
Not to know at large of things remote from use, obscure and subtle, but to know that which before us lies in daily life, is the prime wisdom.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan “Press On” has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race
Nothing is more damaging to you than to do something that you believe is wrong. - Abraham
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task. - William James
Nothing is worth more than this day. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Now I say that if you run more than 15 miles a week, it's for something other than aerobic fitness. Once you pass 15 miles, you do not see much further improvement.
On a scale of one to 10, I feel I'm at a nine because there's definitely room for improvement. I know I could go further.
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
One improvement I have learned from my childhood experience with my father: I do not threaten punishment in the morning. That was awful. Late into the night I would lie awake tossing and wondering what he was going to do to me. Usually he did nothing. A quiet, impressive 'talking to' was all I got.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. – Benjamin Disraeli
One who understands much displays a greater simplicity of character than one who understands little.
Operating under the conscious capitalism model will show that businesses are the true value creators that can push all of humanity upward for continuous improvement.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. - Earl Nightingale
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
Passion and true passion is actually very unpredictable. It heads in unexpected directions because it's constantly seeking out new challenges. But what's really interesting is that passion ultimately is necessary for sustained extreme performance improvement.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. – Dale Carnegie
Perseverance is failing nineteen times and succeeding the twentieth. - Julie Andrews
Persistence is the ability to maintain action regardless of your feelings. You press on, even when you feel like quitting.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. - Jonathan Kozol
Political chaos is connected with the decay of language... one can probably bring about some improvement by starting at the verbal end.
Politics is about the improvement of people's lives. It's about advancing the cause of peace and justice in our country and the world. Politics is about doing well for the people.
Politics isn't about big money or power games; it's about the improvement of people's lives.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. - Zig Ziglar
Post-operatively the transplanted kidney functioned immediately with a dramatic improvement in the patient's renal and cardiopulmonary status. This spectacular success was a clear demonstration that organ transplantation could be life-saving.
Powerful new drug-free treatments have been developed for depression and for every conceivable type of anxiety, such as chronic worrying, shyness, public speaking anxiety, test anxiety, phobias, and panic attacks. The goal of the treatment is not just partial improvement but full recovery.
Practice the philosophy of continuous improvement. Get a little bit better every single day.
Practice without improvement is meaningless.
Progress is impossible without change; and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Reading off a Teleprompter is an easy skill to do passably well and a difficult skill to do very well. I still have room for improvement there. I still talk too fast and I'm trying to slow myself down.
Really, who's the best at what they do? There's always room for improvement.
Relentless improvement of the product and upgrading of consumer tastes are the heart of mass merchandising.
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. - Dalai Lama
Resolutions are popular because everyone feels they could use a little improvement.
Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble. - John Madden
Silence does not always mark wisdom.
Simplify your life. Don’t waste the years struggling for things that are unimportant. Don’t burden yourself with possessions. Keep your needs and wants simple and enjoy what you have. Don’t destroy your peace of mind by looking back, worrying about the past. Live in the present, enjoy the present.
So China will be having to make some choices as to whose side it wants to be on. Hopefully, this will be the beginning of a major improvement in our relationship with them, if they choose correctly.
Social improvement is attained more readily by a concern with the quality of results than with the purity of motives.
Some people dream of success…while others wake up and work hard at it. – Author Known
Some people grumble because roses have thorns; I am thankful that the thorns have roses. - Alphonse Karr
Sometimes the first step is the hardest one.
Sometimes you have to move backward to get a step forward. - Amar Gopal Bose
SpaceX is only 12 years old now. Between now and 2040, the company's lifespan will have tripled. If we have linear improvement in technology, as opposed to logarithmic, then we should have a significant base on Mars, perhaps with thousands or tens of thousands of people.
Spain used to be very individualistic in its sporting activities. Now we are showing we are pretty good in teams - that is an improvement.
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family.
Stephen Covey, The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People, 1989
Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and enjoy the journey. - Babs Hoffman
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Strive for continuous improvement, instead of perfection.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. – Winston Churchill
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. - Bill Gates
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration. – Evan Esar
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. – Robert Collier
Success isn’t a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set  yourself on fire. – Arnold H. Glasow
Success on any major scale requires you to accept responsibility…in the final analysis, the one quality that all successful people have…is the ability to take on responsibility. – Michael Korda
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. – William Feather
Success will not lower its standard to us. We must raise our standard to success. – Rev. Randall R. McBride, Jr.
Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential. – John Maxwell
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. - G.K. Nielson
Surely, God on high has not refused to give us enough wisdom to find ways to bring us an improvement in relations between the two great nations on earth.
Temporarily in 1934 I became a department head in the German Labor Front and dealt with the improvement of labor conditions in German factories. Then I was in charge of public works on the staff of Hess. I gave up both these activities in 1941.
The application of a strong magnetic field enables the measurement of the energy of the most penetrating particles to be carried out, and the method may be capable of still further extension and improvement.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
The backbone of any improvement of governance, its development as well as its protection from any form of wastage or excessiveness, is a mechanism to place laws under the microscope of revision and modernization until they resonate in tune with the methodological development and new administrative technologies.
The beauty of the soul shines out when a man bears with composure one heavy mischance after another, not because he does not feel them, but because he is a man of high and heroic temper.
The best security for civilization is the dwelling, and upon properly appointed and becoming dwellings depends, more than anything else, the improvement of mankind.
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time.
The confounding Political Economy with the Sciences and Arts to which it is subservient, has been one of the principal obstacles to its improvement.
The crusades made great improvement in the condition of the serfs.
The Cube is an imitation of life itself - or even an improvement on life.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will. – Vince Lombardi
The disappointing second novel is measured against the brilliant first novel - often no novel lives up to the first. Literary improvement seems like an unfair expectation.
The emphasis should be on why we do a job.
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another. - William James
The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been kindness, beauty, and truth.
The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others.
The leader of the past knew how to tell, the leader of the future will know how to ask.
The library is seen as a force for self improvement and the pursuit of knowledge. I fear that in many cases this is no longer true, if it ever was.
The little religion that I have clung to-that what matters most is the continuity of life, and its improvement from one generation to another.
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing. - Stephen Covey
The man of wisdom is never of two minds; the man of benevolence never worries; the man of courage is never afraid.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. - Mark Twain
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year. – John Foster Dulles
The mightiest works have been accomplished by men who have kept their ability to dream great dreams. - Walter Bowie
The more a person learns how to use the forces of nature for his own purposes, by means of perfecting the sciences and the invention and improvement of machines, the more he will produce.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness. - Sigmund Freud
The most delightful surprise in life is to suddenly recognise your own worth. - Maxwell Maltz
The most pathetic person in the world is someone who has sight but no vision.
The negotiation of city space has been made more difficult with the idea that redevelopment is an improvement for some vague future - but it's never like that, is it? Once you get there, for economic reasons you have to generate the next project - so you're immediately starting to dig up something else, and so it goes on.
The only medicine for suffering, crime, and all the other woes of mankind, is wisdom.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Mary Pickford
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Mary Pickford
The people who succeed the most are the people who have failed the most, because they are people who have tried the most. ANONYMOUS
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The progress of society is mainly the improvement in the condition of the workingmen of the world.
The purpose of life is to manifest your talents in pursuit of a worthy ideal. And, to have an incredibly fun time.
The pursuit of perfection often impedes improvement.
The radio was an improvement on the telegraph but it didn't have the same exponential, transformative effect.
The real leader has no need to lead — he is content to point the way.
The Satellite Home Viewer Improvement Act expires at the end of this year. Thus, we must act quickly to ensure our constituents continue to receive the services they enjoy.
The secret of achievement is to hold a picture of successful outcome in the mind. – Henry David Thoreau
The separate water foundations, park benches, bathrooms and restaurants of the Jim Crow South startled me. These experiences motivated my lifelong study of the status of African Americans and the sources of improvement in that status.
The steeper the mountain the harder the climb the better the view from the finishing line. - Unknown
The thing is, continuity of strategic direction and continuous improvement in how you do things are absolutely consistent with each other. In fact, they're mutually reinforcing.
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it. - Jim Goodwin
The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it. - W.M. Lewis
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years. - Deepak Chopra
The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be. - Oprah Winfrey
The widespread availability of information is the only basis for effective day-to-day problem solving, which abets continuous improvement programs.
The wisdom of nations lies in their proverbs, which are brief and pithy.
The Workforce Investment Improvement Act of 2012 would consolidate and eliminate dozens of ineffective or duplicative programs, enhance the role of job creators in workforce development decisions, and improve accountability over the use of taxpayer dollars.
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Friedrich Nietzsche
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work and learning from failure. - Colin L. Powell
There comes a special moment in everyone’s life, a moment for which that person was born. That special opportunity, when he seizes it, will fulfill his mission – a mission for which he is uniquely qualified. In that moment, he finds his greatness.
There has been no appreciable improvement in our country's ability to produce the kind of talent we need in this space. There have been some small initiatives around the country that have been noteworthy.
There is a lot of room for improvement in Social Security. We owe our children the most financially sound system possible. They will have paid into it their entire working lives. They deserve to be protected by it. for our children and grandchildren.
There is always space for improvement, no matter how long you've been in the business.
There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.
There is no single development, in either technology or management technique, which by itself promises even one order-of-magnitude improvement within a decade in productivity, in reliability, in simplicity.
There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas Edison
There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.
There is nothing noble in being superior to others. True nobility lies in being superior to your former self.
There's always room for improvement, but the judges are looking for big airs and stylish tricks.
There's always room for improvement. We have a nucleus that's pretty good. You want players that will help.
There's no good idea that can't be improved on.
They act as if they supposed that to be very sanguine about the general improvement of mankind is a virtue that relieves them from taking trouble about any improvement in particular.
They ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win (Gandhi)
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. - John F Kennedy
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. - Goethe
This will result in wells that will make a substantial improvement in the recovery factor just because they are absolutely in the proper place within the reservoir for the purposes of drainage.
Three fourths of the miseries and misunderstandings in the world will disappear if we step into the shoes of our adversaries and understand their standpoint.
Through art and science in their broadest senses it is possible to make a permanent contribution towards the improvement and enrichment of human life and it is these pursuits that we students are engaged in.
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish; then resolve to pay the price to get it. – Bunker Hunt
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first. - William Shakespeare
To guarantee success, act as if it were impossible to fail. – Dorothea Brande
To its great credit, Wimbledon has been a leader in bringing about change and improvement in the sport.
To know what you know and to know what you don't know, that is real wisdom. - Confucius
To me, error analysis is the sweet spot for improvement.
To succeed…you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you. – Tony Dorsett
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. - Johann von Goethe
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive, and the true success is to labor.
Try not to be a man of success, but a man of value. - Albert Einstein
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the things you did. - Mark Twain
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens."" - Jimi Hendrix"
Umpires, like players, are expected to show constant improvement each season and at each level. Inconsistent plate work and the inability to handle situations are probably the two biggest problems that minor league umpires face.
Until the last great war, a general expectation of material improvement was an idea peculiar to Western man. Now war and its aftermath have made economic and social progress a political imperative in every quarter of the globe.
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities.
We are more thoroughly an enlightened people, with respect to our political interests, than perhaps any other under heaven. Every man among us reads, and is so easy in his circumstances as to have leisure for conversations of improvement and for acquiring information.
We are not made up, as we had always supposed, of successively enriched packets of our own parts. We are shared, rented, occupied. At the interior of our cells, driving them, providing the oxidative energy that sends us out for the improvement of each shining day, are the mitochondria, and in a strict sense they are not ours.
We assume that everything's becoming more efficient, and in an immediate sense that's true; our lives are better in many ways. But that improvement has been gained through a massively inefficient use of natural resources.
We cannot become what we want to be by remaining what we are.
"We do not choose to be born.
We do not choose our parents, or the country of our birth.
We do not, most of us, choose to die;
nor do we choose the time and conditions of our death.
But within this realm of choicelessness, we do choose how we live."
We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children.
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face...we must do that which we think we cannot.
We have learned how to develop five-minute and even one-minute managers. But we would do better to ask ourselves what it takes to be an executive who helps build a better future.
We have made the world a neighborhood through our scientific genius, and now through our moral commitment we must make of it a brotherhood. We’ve got to learn to live together as brothers or we’ll perish as fools.
We have so much room for improvement. Every aspect of our lives must be subjected to an inventory... of how we are taking responsibility.
We must always change, renew and rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise we harden. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We must avoid the five humans cancers if we want to be gratified by the life:
We need fundamental change. In the past, national development led to people's happiness but now the link between national growth and improvement in people's lives has been severed.
We need improvement in the style of performance. There is no more advantage in a musician who plays and conducts than in one who is only a beater of rhythm.
We need radical dietary improvement, and the earlier in life that change is made, the better. Just following a vegan diet or eating a few more vegetables is not enough.
We need to make sure we have the best people we can in our operations, and that is a constant challenge. There is always room to improve.
We often read the Bible as if it were fundamentally about us: our improvement, our life, our triumph, our victory, our faith, our holiness, our godliness.
We see our customers as invited guests to a party, and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better.
We were born to succeed, not to fail. – Henry David Thoreau
We're focused on providing innovations in software, driving the continuous improvement for a much better experience, and there's a lot going on here that speaks to this decade and what's going to happen in this decade. We can kind of sum it up in terms of saying, "Yes, you can."
We're the largest home improvement company today, and we did $30 billion last year, or less than 10 percent of the total amount of building materials sold in the U.S. So when people ask, how much runway left does Home Depot have, it's an awful lot.
What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do. - Aristotle
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What's really frustrating with movies is the lack of improvement.
When one door closes another opens. But we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we fail to see the one that has opened for us.
Whenever I am among my fellow Governors, I am struck by how many face the same education improvement issues.
Whenever I go on a ride, I'm always thinking of what's wrong with the thing and how it can be improved.
Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision. - Peter Drucker
Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to one's awareness of one's ignorance. - Anthony de Mello
Without a doubt, stem cell research will lead to the dramatic improvement in the human condition and will benefit millions of people.
Without change there is no innovation, creativity, or incentive for improvement. Those who initiate change will have a better opportunity to manage the change that is inevitable.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Worry is the interest paid by those who borrow trouble.
Years teach us more than books.
Yesterday is but today's memory, tomorrow is today's dream. - Kahlil Gibran
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. - James Allen
You can become an even more excellent person by constantly setting higher and higher standards for yourself and then by doing everything possible to live up to those standards.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Christopher Columbus
You can’t win if you don’t even try.
You cannot allow your desire to be a winner to be diminished by achieving success before and I believe there is room for improvement in every sportsman.
You cannot dream yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself into one.
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. - Dale Carnegie
You see, greatness for a state doesn't require some huge monument for all to see. It is not a journey to a particular destination - but a commitment to follow a course of constant and never-ending improvement.
You will never find time for anything. If you want the time, you must make it. - Charles Buxton
You will not do incredible things without an incredible dream. - John Eliot
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
